So we've built microservices so that the users of TrackZilla
can get their data out of this system.
We've exposed information about applications, tickets, and people.
So what's the best way to communicate to users of TrackZilla
about the microservices and how to use them?
We will use Swagger.
I will teach you how to describe and document your
microservices REST APIs using Swagger so that users of your
REST APIs know how to interact with them.
I will also teach you how to access the generated
documentation via a web browser.
We will add the Swagger dependency to the TrackZilla maven pom file,
we will configure Swagger and the necessary Swagger annotations to describe our microservices REST APIs.